
Resume

                            Resume


PERSONAL DETAILS


Name:
Civil status:
Nationality:
Date of birth:
Languages:
Address:
Mobile phone:
Email:

Ewa Naim
Married
Polish
4  November 1985
Polish (native), English (advanced), German (basic)
 Sulaimaniyah, Riyadh, KSA
550599841 0 0568707442 /
ewa.naim7@gmail.com

EDUCATION

2004 " 2010	
MS in Pharmacy -" Medical University of Lublin, Poland
Research subject : " Phytochemical analysis and microbiological activity 
research of two selected species from Apiaceae family."



WORK  EXPERIENCE
April 2010 " September 2010
Pharmacist, Community Pharmacy " "Vikamed" Kunickiego 252 Street, Lublin, Poland
Responsibilities:
1.	Dispense patients prescription and over "the- counter medications.   
2.	Handle patients inquiries and advise them on proper dosages, usage, interactions and side effects of medications.
3.	Contact physicians to confirm and clarify drug orders for dosage form, allergies, drug-drug, drug-disease interactions, etc.  
4.	Dispense magistery prescriptions " aseptic and un-aseptic medicines (ointments, solutions, mixtures, suspensions, suppositories, powders etc.).
5.	Manage inventory (order medicines and accept orders from wholesale).
6.	Manage pharmacy documentation and informatics system. 
7.	Promote pharmaceutical care: help patients manage conditions as asthma, high blood pressure, diabetes, atopic dermatitis, etc. Supervise patients comply with physicians recommendations. 
8.	Promote health care- special diets, exercises, vaccinations, stress management, smoking cessation etc. 
9.	Handle deals with pharmaceutical representatives.
10.	Reporting to the concerned department in case of patient  observation  of a side effect ,distressing symptoms or any other complain related to the drug.
11.	Handle deals with pharmaceutical representatives - find out most cost- effective offers to buy drugs.
12.	Control if the medicinal products are stored appropriately and securely.
13.	Train and supervise younger pharmacy students and technician.


PROFESSIONAL TRAINING

October 2009 - April 2010

Professional training in a community pharmacy " ''Vikamed''  Kunickiego 252 Street, Lublin, Poland
Responsibilities:

1.	Dispense patients prescription and over "the- counter medications.  
2.	Handle patients inquiries and advise them on proper dosages, usage, interactions and side effects of medications.
3.	Contact physicians to confirm and clarify drug orders for dosage form, allergies, drug-drug, drug-disease interactions, etc.  
4.	Dispense magistery prescriptions " aseptic and un-aseptic medicines (ointments, solutions, mixtures, suspensions, suppositories, powders etc.).
5.	Manage inventory (order medicines and accept orders from wholesale).
6.	Manage pharmacy documentation and informatics system. 
7.	Promote pharmaceutical care: help patients manage conditions as asthma, high blood pressure, diabetes, atopic dermatitis, etc. Supervise patients comply with physicians recommendations. 
8.	Promote health care- special diets, exercises, vaccinations, stress management, smoking cessation. 
9.	Control if the medicinal products are stored appropriately and securely.


July 1-31 2008

Practice in a hospital pharmacy " Samodzielny Publiczny Szpital Kliniczny Nr 1 w Lublinie    ( Independet Public Clinical Hospital No. 1 in Lublin) Staszica 16 Street, 20-081 Lublin, Poland

 Responsibilities:

1.	Prepare and dispense ordered drugs to individual units.
2.	Contact physicians to confirm and clarify drug orders for dosage form, allergies, drug-drug, drug-disease interactions, etc.
3.	Manage inventory of both controlled and non-controlled floor stock medications.
4.	Arrange and follow up purchase orders.
5.	Dispensed magistery prescriptions (ointments, solutions, mixtures, suspensions, suppositories, powders, eye drops etc).
6.	 Control and evaluate  drugs flow between individual departments using  appropriate  computer system.
7.	Prepare medication labels in accordance with the relevant regulations.
8.	Helped in cytotoxic medicines preparations (infusions fluids).
9.	Delivered dressing and sanitary materials.
10.	Maintains control and security of all drugs including dispensing, record keeping and secured storage of narcotics and controlled medications.
11.	Inspect units first aid kits. 


August 1-31 2007 
Practice in a private pharmacy " ''Vikamed''  Kunickiego 252 Street, Lublin, Poland

Responsibilities:
1.	Distribute prescription drugs and over "the- counter medications.
2.	Handle patients inquiries and advise them on proper dosages, usage, interactions and side effects of medications.
3.	Control if the medicinal products are stored appropriately and securely. 
4.	Dispense magistery prescriptions " aseptic and un-aseptic medicines (ointments, solutions, mixtures, suspensions, suppositories, powders etc.) 
5.	Manage inventory (order medicines and accept orders from wholesale).
6.	Manage pharmacy documentation and informatics system. 
7.	Help patients manage conditions as asthma, high blood pressure, diabetes, atopic dermatitis, smoking and alcohol addiction.
8.	Promote health care- special diets, exercises, vaccinations, stress management.


SOCIAL ACTIVITY


2008 " 2010
 Member of  the Pharmaceutical Division Board.
2009-2008
Member of the Pharmacy Student`s Scientific Association at the Pharmacognosy Department with Medicinal Plants Unit, Medical University of Lublin.
 2007 " 2009
 Activity in the "Lubelskie Towarzystwo Studentow Farmacji "( Society of Pharmacy Students of Lublin) - secretary, president, member of the board; organization of conferences on herbs, cosmetics, dermatology.
 May 2007, 2008, 2009
Organization and participation as a volunteer in charity action Medical University Students for Inhabitants of Lublin " promotion of health, herbal remedies; pharmaceutical counseling.
June 15-18 2008
Member of Organizing Committee of 6th International Symposium on Chromatography of Natural Products, Lublin.
25-26.09.2007
Participation as a volunteer in "Lubelski Salon Maturzystów" - introduction and promotion of Medical University of Lublin " organized by publishing house Perspektywy.
December 2007
Participation as a student volunteer in charity action " Pomoz dzieciom przetrwac zime"- collection food, clothes and toys for children.



	ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND QUALITIES


-	Medicines preparation ability (  dispensing, blending, granulation, etc) 
-	Skills in herbal and natural medicine and pharmacology
-	Medication therapy, pharmaceutical research
-	 Knowledge of computer usage ( Microsoft Office, Internet, KS- AOW computer program for private pharmacy etc. )
-	Driving license B
-	Good assessment and problem solving skills
-	 Thorough, tactful
-	Positive attitude towards patients in critical situations
-	Well-organized, quick learner, hard worker, adaptable
-	Honest, dependable, excellent interpersonal skills
-	Ability to work in team


SEMINARS
-	June 9 2010 Scientific " training seminar " " Trace analysis in plant material ", "Chronic venous insufficiency", " Venous thromboembolism , prevention and treatment", "Forms and symptoms of chronic venous insufficiency", "Masterly patient communication techniques", "Medicinal wild plants of the West Polesie Biospher Reserve", "Herbal medicine against stress". 
-	April 7 2010 Scientific " training seminar "Dry and atopic skin? We have a prescription for you".
-	April 21 2010 Scientific " training seminar "Hormonal aspects of skin aging".
-	January 27 2010 " Associated infections in health care", " Pharmacotherapy of congestive heart failure", Pharmacotherapy of respiratory system infections".
-	November 27 2009 Scientific " training seminar " " Influence of chromatography analysis on natural science evolution", "Color in chromatography", " Modern liquid chromatography".
-	November 21 2009 Scientific " training seminar " "Diet supplements: classification, significance and distinction from nurture and medicines",  " Omega -3 acids importance in cardiovascular issue with reference to latest researches and recommendations", " Importance of nutrition and diet supplementation with pregnant and nurse women". 
-	November 14 2009 Scientific- training seminar " " Scope of action and indications for use of dietary supplements".
-	April 29 2009 Scientific " training seminar ""Is it possible to improve prognosis for ill with diabetes", "Chronic venous disease. Prevention, diagnostics, treatment", "Genuine and generic medicines. Exchange or do not exchange", "Risk of using generic medicines".
-	June 15-18 6th International Symposium on Chromatography on Natural Products.
-	November 28 2008 Scientific-training conference for pharmacy and medicine students "Knowledge farm" and acquaint with work specification in pharmaceutical factory.

PUBLICATIONS
-	2008, " Ion Chromatography Analysis of Some Heavy Metals Ions in Clinical Samples", paper presented at 5th Lviv-Lublin Experimental and Clinical Biochemistry Conference.

REFERENCE
            Available on request.
                    
