
Resume

                            Michael J. Sparozic, R.Ph.
319 Calvin Court / Wyckoff, NJ 07841 / H: 201.891.4612 / C: 201.697.4615 / m.sparozic@verizon.net


GLOBAL CLINICAL OPERATIONS LEADER
Results-oriented Clinical Operations Director with a demonstrated track record driving large clinical operations and global supply management functions. History of successfully capitalizing on licensing and development opportunities. Achieve outstanding results handling all complexities pertaining to clinical studies, supply chain management, and international regulatory compliance. Reputation for establishing priorities, scheduling, and meeting deadlines through the skillful allocation of human and material resources. Leading Committee Member for Drug / Project Development Team, for Global Data Synchronization Project and for Corporate Safety Initiatives.

Global Logistics / Project Management
Timely / Effective Clinical Trial Studies
Budget / Forecast Management
Process / Protocol Development 
Vendor Selection / Relationship Management 
Site Evaluation / Selection 
High Potential Staff Leadership Development
Safety Regulatory Compliance
Electronic Reporting / Data Management
Complex, Diplomatic Negotiation Skills

EXPERIENCE
BIOVAIL TECHNOLOGIES LTD, Bridgewater, NJ                                                                          	2004-Present      
Biovail Technologies is the largest Canadian public pharmaceutical firm servicing US and Canadian markets with global clinical trial services and advanced drug delivery technologies enabling firms to put products on the market in an efficient manner while upholding safety regulations.                                                                                                      

Director Clinical Operations / Development (2008-Present)
Oversee a high-performing staff of eight and operations consisting of Biostats, Data Management, CRA's, CPL's, QC, Finance and Contracts and partner with Senior Management to develop and implement area strategy
Evaluate 140+ new opportunities for in-licensing, co-development, or out-licensing for profitability viability 
Manage 2-8 study budgets simultaneously which range from $11 Million to $73 Million each, not including clinical trial material, external vendors, raters and laboratories needed to execute trials, while overseeing RFP, selection and startup activities for CRO's for 6 trials with 3 different compounds all to start by August 2010
Established an RFP Bid template ensuring consistent responses to bidding vendor questions and streamlined insurance acquisition to work with CROs,  reducing vendor selection process from 4 weeks to 2-1/2 weeks
Optimize drug development by providing expert medical and scientific input. Ensure quick registration of products by conducting efficient clinical trials and expediting drugs through registration studies. 
Redesigned and oversaw the change over of existing Physician Drug Sample packaging resulting in increased number of samples with lower cost per package.
Ensured compliance with regulations on temperature monitoring during medication transportation and packaging requirements for submission to the FDA by the chairing committee.
Synchronized global data management and metrics tracking, through leadership of the RFID task force, which streamlines information flow amongst teams significantly reducing labor costs and streamlining timelines.
Founded and lead the Safety Employee Response Team to continually analyze and improve safety procedures. 
Consistently exceed corporate policy goal to save 10% off any proposed bid.

Manager Clinical Operations / Development (2007-2008)
Coordinated specific supplies to 70 West European and 52 East European investigators at the right time to minimize risk of waste and contain shipping costs, resulting in significant savings for each trial
Selected vendors to ensure studies are conducted within regulatory requirements, timeframes, and budgets
Developed protocols, materials, budgets, and contracts on the Clinical Research and Medical Affairs Committee
Analyzed usage patterns to renegotiate supplier contracts and reconfigure distribution logistics for supply chain planning and product production schedules of 6 commercial products
Resolved supply chain conflicts by coordinating between project, product development, and supply contacts
Optimize packaging and patient drug distribution to reduce packaging costs and increase sample distributions 

Project / Clinical Supply Chain Manager (2004-2007)
Managed global clinical study supply coordination, manufacturing, ordering, follow-up, and distribution.
Formulated strategy, objectives, SOPs, and product development plans to effectively utilize resources. 
Oversaw and commanded alignment of packaging, labeling, sourcing, manufacturing, distribution, design, and inventory control of investigational and comparison drug products. 
Represented project status and team recommendations with management and governance committees.
Michael J. Sparozic, R.Ph.	C: 201.697.4615 / m.sparozic@verizon.net


PURDUE PHARMA, LP, Ardsley, NY                                                                                                  	2001-2004 
Purdue Pharma is a privately held pharmaceutical firm which conducts pioneering pain management research and leads new product development through a collaboration of pharmaceutical companies committed to reducing human pain suffering. 
Clinical Packaging Project Leader
Developed strategic global clinical supply resource and distribution plans to enable timely delivery of finished products to meet demand. 
Oversaw clinical batch trial manufacturing, and designed packaging for phase I-IV trials.
 Initiated and supervised clinical, packaging, and batch stabilities. Created, reviewed, and approved documentation and standard operating procedures for supplies and stability packaging processes.
Facilitated supply and distribution of clinical materials to investigators.
Ensured clinical, packaging, and batch stabilities were complete and delivered on time according to specifications through expert process design, initiation, and supervision.
Devised and managed long-range inventory strategies while managing recertification, country regulation, shipment, and demand complexities.
Accelerated personnel knowledge of compliance protocols by conducting audits and delivering phase I study procedural training to staff at clinical trial sites.
Elevated GMP and GLP efficiency by creating standard operating procedures.

STADTLANDERS PHARMACY, New York, NY                                                                                 	1999-2000 
Regional Manager
Oversaw start-up operational projects for three retail establishments, one mail order service, and three stores.
Formulated long-range inventory and distribution policies. Monitored store performance to ensure efficient and effective service while staying within budgetary limits. 
Enhanced business tracking and improvement capability through implementation of a report that compiled prescription volumes, margins, and overall production by location.
Transformed store operations by overseeing and implementing restructuring of current stores to a wellness center concept.
Evaluated and selected pharmacy and POS systems according to price, quality, and feature specifications.

PCS HEALTH SYSTEMS, Scottsdale, AZ                                                                                             	1998-1999 
Clinical Consultant 
Represented policies to 297 physicians in the North New Jersey territory on behalf of Oxford Health Plans.
Identified and documented categories and use management plans. 
Participated in the identification and beta testing of clinical report contents and formats.
Maximized savings of total drug expenditures by working with Medical Directors, groups, and staff.
Improved market share by managing and implementing therapeutic interchange programs.
Detailed five therapeutic categories according to physicians' practice needs.

ADDITIONAL POSITIONS
Director of Pharmacy / Operations 	American Home Medical Services, Lincoln Park, NJ 	1996-1997
Director of Pharmacy 	Institutional Health Care Pharmacy, Morristown, NJ 	1992-1996
Pharmacist/Union Shop Steward 	National Pharmacies, Elmwood Park, NJ              	1991-1992
Pharmacist 	Pompton Nursing Home Suppliers, Pompton Plains, NJ      	1987-1991


EDUCATION
MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGE OF PHARMACY, Boston, MA, Bachelor of Health Sciences in Pharmacy	1986
Licensed Pharmacist, NJ / Certified EMT, NJ / CPR Certified / Hazmat Responder, Incident Command

AFFILIATIONS
Member, ISPE - International Society for Technical Professionals in the Health Care Manufacturing Industry
Member, Wyckoff Volunteer Ambulance Corps
                    
