
Resume

                            Joshua S. Fink, M.D. FASLMS

Curriculum Vitae

NAME:			Joshua S. Fink, M.D., FASLMS.

Primary Office: 41 South Bedford Road
 Mt. Kisco, NY 10590 

Mailing Address: PO Box 144
 South Salem, NY 10590 

Phone: Office: 914-393-4127
 Fax: 914-763-0099

Licenses: Licensed to practice in NY and CT 
 Board Certified in Internal Medicine
 Board Certified in Pulmonary Medicine 
 Fellow: American Society of Lasers in Medicine and Surgery


MEDICAL EDUCATION:	State University at Purchase 	-	1982 B.A. with Honors


Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons -St Andrews University - Two years of gross anatomy with dissection [Scotland, United Kingdom]

Royal College of Physicians commendation in Neuroanatomy

Two years of post-graduate anatomy dissections with focus on muscular anatomy and histopathology 

State University of New York
at Downstate Medical Center	-	1988 M.D.

INTERNSHIP:		George Washington University
Internal Medicine		-	1988 - 1999

RESIDENCY:			Mount Sinai Medical Center
New York, NY 		-	1989 - 1991

FELLOWSHIP:		New York Hospital/Cornell
Medical Center in Pulmonary
Medicine/Critical Care	-	1991 - 1993

Beth Israel Medical Center
Critical Care with additional training and focus in thoracic surgery, specifically Thorascopic pulmonary resections		-	1993 " 1994

INDUSTRY:

 Medical Science Liaison for Sanofi-Aventis on Sculptra [2007-2008]

During the time as an MSL/RML for Sanofi-Aventis, I was the only MSL for the entire nation dedicated to Sculptra™
 Coordinated Clinical Trial Proposals [IST] between KOL's and Sanofi-Aventis
 Reviewed pertinent data in relation to Sculptra publications

 Interacted with PharmacoVigilance in terms of AE reporting

 Presented internal data on competing dermal fillers and provided internal feedback on both field perceptions of Sculptra and aspects of unique usage.

Represented Sanofi-Aventis at numerous dermatologic and aesthetic meetings, furthering contacts and collaborations with existing and new KOL targets. 

 Close involvement with Investigator Sponsored Trials utilizing Sculptra and other modalities as a means of Facial rejuvenation

 Crisis management in the pharmaceutical industry: DIA certification

 Former Medical Science Liaison for Levulan and Blu-U therapy for Actinic Keratosis. Updated DUSA's Clinical Trial Program.
Former Medical Science Liaison on Nitric Oxide and pulmonary vasoconstriction



ATTENDING/ACADEMIC: 

 Private Practice: Internal Medicine. Lasers and Clinical Research 1994 - Present. 

Attending Physician: Northern Westchester Hospital. Mt. Kisco, NY
Director: Clinical Trials and Research at Northern Westchester Hospital for the past 7 years. In addition to building the team and the daily supervision of the team, I have oversight over 30-plus trials, with a focus in various disciplines, such as Oncology, Plastic Surgery, Cardiology, Neurology, Wound Care, Hyperbaric Oxygen and Radiation Oncology. In addition, I have direct experience in protocol writing, IRB submissions, publications and social media marketing. 

Supervising physician [7 years] for a medical/surgical intensive care unit, with special interest in septic shock, acute coronary syndromes, interstitial lung diseases. Performed all invasive procedures, such as Swan-Ganz catheters, chest tubes, thorascopic resections and lung volume reduction via VATS. 



Years of Post Graduate Laser Training, with a focus on Intense Pulsed Light, non-ablative and ablative fractionated laser systems. Special interest in scar remodeling.

Clinical trial in TNF-α monoclonal antibody in septic shock

Clinical trial in IL-1 Receptor antagonist in septic shock

Clinical trial in Gatifloxacin in CAP

Original Research in Intense Pulsed Light and Cellulite: Published in the Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology: Sept 2006 Results reviewed in Journal of Drugs in Dermatology 2008 

The Use of Dermal Fillers and Subcision in the treatment of deep depression cellulite: IRB approved. Study completed.

 Using a Unique LED system in the treatment of IPL induced Hyperpigmentation. Accepted as Poster Presentation at ODAC, 2011

Pulmonary Thymoma: A unique case and review of the literature Submitted

The Use of Human Growth Hormone in the Treatment of COPD...IRB approved 

 Certified in Good Clinical Practice. CITI certified. 
 BLS August 2014
 ACLS August 2014
 NY State Nurses Association and Northwell Certification in Infection Control 




 PUBLICATIONS:

The Use of Intense Pulsed Light and a Retinyl-Based Cream in the Treatment of Cellulite Lead Author Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology Sept.2006

The Use of a Constant Spectrum IPL Device in the Treatment of Cellulite Lead Author Poster presentation ASLMS Grapevine, Texas 2008 

Using a High Intensity LED system in the Treatment of IPL-induced Hypopigmentation. Accepted Poster Presentation at ODAC Jan 2011 

 MEMBER:			

 Fellow: American Society of Lasers in Medicine and Surgery
                    
