
Resume

                            Anna Fleisher, MSN, FNP-C
1 Barn Swallow Blvd. • Marlboro, NJ 07746 annafleisher21@gmail.com • 347-613-0788
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Goal-oriented and focused healthcare provider with over 10 years" experience providing patient care and education. Adaptable team-player seeking to advance career goals as a Nurse Practitioner. Great assessment skills, culturally sensitive and dynamic experience with diverse populations. Recognized for being reliable and ethical, while understanding the importance of patient's safety and satisfaction. Excellent communication and interpersonal capabilities, along with speaking Russian fluently. Well-versed in managing patient caseloads, insurance reimbursement and certification processes.
 EDUCATION Master of Science in Nursing: Family Nurse Practitioner
 Monmouth University Thomas Edison State College
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Brookdale Community College
Associate Degree in Nursing
Long Branch, NJ 08/2018
Trenton, NJ 2015
Middletown, NJ 1996
LICENSURE AND CERTIFICATIONS
 Nurse Practitioner Licensure: NJ and NY ... pending American Academy of Nurse Practitioners certification Registered Nurse Licensure: NJ and NY ... Active
Basic Life Support (BLS / CPR)
EXPERIENCE
Nurse Practitioner practicum
Golding-Granado Medical Associates, LLC
 Facilitated physician in an urgent care and primary care setting with assessments, treatments and
management of acute and chronic diseases. Conducted wellness exams, applied splint applications, wound care, I/Ds, and EKG interpretations. Educated and counseled patients and families on disease prevention, processes and maintenance, nutrition and diet, as well as obesity management. Provided instructions on follow-up procedures and referrals.
Women's Medical Connection Holmdel, NJ
 Assisted physician with well-woman examinations, episodic GYN visits and routine OB appointments.
Management of OB patients throughout gestational period and postpartum care. Patient education on safety, lifestyle modifications, diet and nutrition, STI and disease prevention, contraceptives and hormone therapies. Observed colposcopies, IUD and Pessary insertions.
Dr. Bhaskar Freehold, NJ
 Under the supervision of a physician managed pediatric patients with acute and chronic illnesses.
Conducted well-baby exams, annual, school and sports physicals. Screened for congenital disorders and educated caretakers and patients on developmental milestones. Counseled adolescents on growth and development, disease prevention, peer pressure, stress and anxiety.
 05/2017 ... 08/2018
Hazlet, NJ
Anna Fleisher, MSN, FNP-C
Pg. 2
Metropolitan Jewish Health System
Visiting Nurse Service of New York
RN Coordinator of Care, Department of Acute Care
05/2015 ... Present / 12/2005 ... 03/2007 03/2007 ... June 2015
Brooklyn, NY Brooklyn, NY
 Provide direct bedside care, including medication and disease management, treatments as prescribed, and wound care. Complete Oasis Assessment upon admissions process, coordinate recertification and discharge services with members of the interdisciplinary team ensuring optimal patient care and satisfaction. Develop and implement plan of care according to patient needs and MD orders in a home settings. Assess and follow-up on patients" needs in the areas of rehabilitation, custodial care and social services. Review and coordinate patient needs in conjunction with insurance policies. Communicate with families while providing education to all parties.
KCI, Inc. Brooklyn, NY Clinical Consultant 06/2005 ... 12/2005
 Developed sales growth by creating formal in-service training/continuing education programs. Introduced advanced technology in the field of wound care by presenting data and implementing clinical based training programs for clients' personnel and external/internal customers.
Jersey Shore Medical Center Wall Township, NJ Critical Care Nurse 12/2002 ... 06/2005
 Assessed patient"s conditions, frequent monitoring of vitals, planned, coordinated and implemented plan of care. Wound care, responded to codes and provided life support, administered IV fluids and various medications. Assisted physicians during performance of medical procedures, collaborated with colleagues and advocated for patients" needs
MEMBERSHIPS AND AFFILIATIONS
American Academy of Nurse Practitioners
                    
